hello and once again welcome to Peters
marine service I'm your host Ted and
today I'm going to show you a 2002 sear
a 176 bow rider this boat is in
remarkable condition the gel coat shines
exceptionally well as does the bottom
the trailer the canvas is in great shape
and even inside we don't get many boats
like this this boat looks almost new
inside the boat really great condition
in fact real slippery lots of wax on
here too so the person who had it really
took very good care of it also included
is a spare wheel and tire mounted here
and this boat also features the swing
tongue the swing tongue swings away
which gives us some better room for
storage inside a garage or someplace
like that but as I mentioned the boats
in really good condition all the way
down the sides included with the boat
and we do have pictures of it our bow
cover and cockpit cover both of which
again very good condition there's also a
full cover that covers the whole boat
and if that weren't enough there's also
some extra canvas this is a convertible
top that attaches to the windshield and
included our side curtains and an
African so if you get caught in some
inclement weather you can easily close
up the boat and still use it
I do have pictures of those also if you
have any questions please give us a call
or send me an email or I'll gladly shoot
them off to you the trailer is a shore
Lander painted trailer a welded
construction you can see this all right
here and as we come around the back here
what you'll notice also it's included
with this boat are some loading posts so
it's easy to put the boat up on on the
trailer probably not necessary but it's
there just the same the boat is powered
with a 135 horsepower Mercruiser stern
drive what we have here as you can see
it's all in very good condition there's
even a stainless steel skid guard that's
in place really nice shape everything
looks really good I'm gonna hop inside
the boat give me some other added points
here or something I thought of as I'm
getting in even the cleats here I love
stainless steel
there's even a midship vendor Homer
right here so for hanging your fenders
over the side of the boat this is a nice
stainless steel piece used for hanging
your fenders and it even has the nice
sear a logo embossed right into the
stainless steel very nice feature this
boats very popular for a number of
reasons one is its it's big enough to
afford a lot of space inside this gives
you an idea how much room is inside the
boat plenty of leg room all around
plenty of space to move about but the
whole boat on a trailer comes in about
twenty-seven hundred pounds or so so it
can easily be towed by many small SUVs
or even a minivan if your vehicle is
capable of pulling about 3,000 pounds
this fits right in there so it's a nice
very easy towable boat that's easy to
store and you got plenty of room to this
boat has a seven person capacity so we
have plenty of space in the floor here
features a nice wide ski well unfinished
fiberglass inside you can see nice and
white so wakeboards knee boards some
skis and things fit up underneath the
floor going forward so plenty of room
inside there you notice the back the
backseat on the port side this easily
opens up and drops down to form a lounge
or also if you want to catch some rays
you can lay down here as well the
condition of the vinyl is incredible as
I mentioned outside the boat it's it's
almost looks new from the gelcoat
shrining the vinyl very well taken care
of here at the dashboard area here we
have a am/fm CD player located right
there
it's lockable you can put your CDs in
there lock it go home everything stays
right there over on the driver's side
again talked about the legroom this is a
17 and a half boat but we're not cramped
for space we've got lots of room I can't
even touch the front here so we got
plenty of space very nice comfortable
sitting position here and this boat has
a nice toy windshield so you can get out
of the weather also you don't feel like
you have to strain to look over a
windshield you can sit here comfortably
see through the glass and this boat
planes very nicely so it's easy to to
see the horizon as the boats coming up
on plane all your gauges are right here
easy to read again everything nice and
clean depth finder depth finder is
located right here also but it comes
with everything that you need is even
the owners packet is here as well as I
mentioned this is a convertible top that
stays in this position but attaches
neatly to the windshield here so if you
wanted to get out of the Sun or or maybe
a light shower you can do that as I
mentioned side curtains and aft curtain
go with it up in the bow of the boat
notice how deep this is very comfortable
to sit in here also you feel like you're
inside the boat many small bow riders
you feel like you're up on top this I
feel very safe and comfortable inside
very important I would think if you had
children that wanting to ride up here
and most do you can feel comfortable
that they're inside the boat nice grab
handles to hang on to and importantly
cup holders right here very easy to
reach right at the side there's also
storage underneath these seats here we
have an anchor on this side and storage
again on the other side but again look
at the condition here everything is very
very good very very good one less thing
I'll point out at the back of the boat
engine compartment lid lifts up just
like that very easy to work on some
things inside here as I mentioned 135
horsepower power steering also makes
this boat effortless to drive so it's
really easy to learn on and to just have
a good time again inside nice and clean
well taken care of there you have it
that's our 2002 sear a 176 bow rider at
Peter's marine service please give us a
call and you can see this boat for
yourself it's really a nice fine
thanks for watching